tonight if I feel my birthday and
unfortunately we are the other day
chasing a farmer but if targeted and
what should i hear during
workouts because he also tells her
so you remember the game we have
won in Milan
what we can do now at home is
difficult though our cheer if much
hot and pg shovels we need
who left for the future are a
player who loves to live stories
don't change many in your career
teams I lived for many years in Udine
lived many years in montegranaro e
now I'd like to create a story
important correction
you are experiencing its best season six
I agree I am definitely living from
point of view as a player of one
important season but I think above all
from the point of view of character this is
growing up I feel good in a group
I am well tuned which I also achieved
a maturity that allows you to have
also a serenity in the ball field
comes into the hands of antonutti is one
real declaration of love
what michele antonutti does his own
team at reggio emilia who has it
adopted Michael found the climate
ideal becoming a point of
reference for the comrades in the field and
out
the pleasure means that the companions
stop trust me believe in me how
person and definitely something that makes you
give something extra when you play
that something more is not just
michele antonutti is the best
scorer in the shooting from three of this
league with a percentage that goes from
60 to 77 percent in case of victory
of the team
how to become the best shooter for three
points but mainly it takes
training takes a lot of perseverance
you have to train you have to try to
find a rhythm with your body
I believe very much in this belief that the
shooting is a symbiosis of movements and
technique
here in your opinion just be good at
shot to be indispensable to one
team but i'm of the idea that the shot
it must certainly be a quality
important but not the main one
call team play so i guess
the passage to put in rhythm a
companion to give assistance either
something really important maybe
more than shooting
you have closed the first round well
how you are organizing them by preparing to
close this league
there are those who play with the run off who does
the race for salvation
our philosophy is to play
match per game think every
week serenely in the short term there
has brought us well so far allows us
to work serenely without asking yourself
of the pressures they can take away
of the energies therefore we succeed in this
case in Milan that will be the next tough one
game